Report to Mr. Shen
There was a man outside the door named Qianzhan asking for advice
Said it was the son of your comrade-in-arms
That's him!
Hurry up and bring him in
Great, Yuntianxiu
I finally found your son
Mr. Shen brought it
Yes
You are Qin Yuntian's son
Yes, Uncle Shen
It's so similar.
How did you find yourself here?
Uncle Shen, you saved my mother and son's life back then
I heard that Miss Shen was kidnapped
Is there anything I can help you with?
Oops, no need.
Lord Longyu Yihuang took action
The little girl has been rescued
That's good, Uncle Shen, the number you left me.
Feel free to contact me if you need anything in the future, oops.
It's alright, it's alright
Uncle Shen, then I'll go first
Dandan
What's the matter, Uncle Shen, is there anything else?
I just remembered
I was married to your father back then
Hahaha, since you're back.
My Xuerou is also 18 years old
It just so happens that the two of you can be together
That's not good, what's wrong?
Your daughter has a golden and jade body
And I'm just a security guard
I'm afraid he won't like me.
What? You're a security guard?